
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.042726                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 42726055500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                42726055500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  89848                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    89848                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               43455006                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 257260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   983.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    88340673                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      88340673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            454848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10138368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10593216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       454848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          454848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7295808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7295808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               7107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             158412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                165519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          113997                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               113997                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst             10645682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            237287713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               247933395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        10645682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           10645682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         170757818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              170757818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         170757818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst            10645682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           237287713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              418691213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        165519                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       113997                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         279530                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     10593216                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7295808                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               10593216                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7295808                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 10574                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 10463                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 10269                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 10169                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 10534                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 10770                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 10384                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 10283                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 10421                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 10444                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                10203                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 9936                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                10514                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                10344                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                10131                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                10080                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  7377                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  7241                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  6946                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  6832                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  7241                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  7386                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  7023                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  7006                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  7262                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  7155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 7040                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 6934                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 7274                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 7250                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 7038                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 6992                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          14                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     42726035000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  165519                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 113997                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     62479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     76432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     18692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      7912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      4917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      4945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     2892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                       40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                     7053839750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                9647402250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    827595000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1765967500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       42616.50                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    10669.27                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  58285.77                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         247.93                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                         170.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 247.93                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                 170.76                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.23                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.42                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     148856                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     71619                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  62.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       152857.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                18742591                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          12317071                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           4774939                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             15471437                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 4667620                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             30.169273                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1660963                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               1030                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     20277550                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      90148                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 20367698                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    14728779                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      7252                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                14736031                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     35006329                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      97400                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 35103729                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    12368275                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                     11063                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                12379338                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 4583                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         85452112                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken      8078019                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken     10664572                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads     74169588                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites     52319250                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses    126488838                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads        66061                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites       227630                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses       293691                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards       14166165                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                   35060657                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect      4447555                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       216884                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted        4664439                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted           9108157                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     33.867537                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions         44777871                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies             41107                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    0                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                      77185132                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                          229329                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        15874710                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                         69577402                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         81.422683                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                          20276638                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                         14613377                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                       13754477                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                            8748916                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                            4583                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                           30791227                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                           151453                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    88340673                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                      88340673                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total              88340673                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               0.967302                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.967302                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.033803                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.033803                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                 32797293                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                  52654819                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization               61.619096                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles                 42999337                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                  42452775                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization               49.680194                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles                 42422406                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                  43029706                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization               50.355345                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles                 63339640                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                  22112472                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization               25.877034                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                 39402909                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                  46049203                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization               53.888900                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.replacements                  84308                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1908.296945                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 12251160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  86354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 141.871367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1908.296945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.931786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.931786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     12251160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        12251160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      12251160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         12251160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     12251160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        12251160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       117106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        117106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       117106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         117106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       117106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        117106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1889037500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1889037500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1889037500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1889037500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1889037500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1889037500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     12368266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12368266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     12368266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12368266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     12368266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12368266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16131.005243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16131.005243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16131.005243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16131.005243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16131.005243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16131.005243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          271                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           28                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.066667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            7                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        30752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        30752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        30752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        30752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        30752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        86354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        86354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        86354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        86354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1336921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1336921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1336921000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1336921000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1336921000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1336921000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15481.865345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15481.865345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15481.865345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15481.865345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15481.865345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15481.865345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                131595                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             30966.013370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  151363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                163654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.924896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 27281.106918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   2018.513701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data   1666.392751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.832553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.061600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.050854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.945008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        79247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        33054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         112301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       168350                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       168350                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        12879                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        12879                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        79247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data        45933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          125180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        79247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        45933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         125180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         7107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        27521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        34628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       130891                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       130891                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         7107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       158412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        165519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         7107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       158412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       165519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    455300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1513155000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1968455000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11996427000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  11996427000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    455300000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  13509582000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13964882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    455300000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  13509582000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13964882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        86354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data        60575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       168350                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       168350                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       143770                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       143770                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        86354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       204345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       290699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        86354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       204345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       290699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.454329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.235678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.910419                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.910419                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.775218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.569383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.775218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.569383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64063.599268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54981.832056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56845.760656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91652.038719                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91652.038719                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64063.599268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85281.304447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84370.265649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64063.599268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85281.304447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84370.265649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       113997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           113997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       130891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       130891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       165519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       165519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    366897656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1170781845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1537679501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10407190958                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10407190958                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    366897656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11577972803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11944870459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    366897656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11577972803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11944870459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.454329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.910419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.775218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.775218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51624.828479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42541.399113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44405.668852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79510.363264                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79510.363264                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51624.828479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73087.725696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72166.158924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51624.828479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73087.725696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72166.158924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 200249                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4078.188712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 33754882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 204345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 165.185750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              253407000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4078.188712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.995652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.995652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     20180269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        20180269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     13574613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       13574613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      33754882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         33754882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     33754882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        33754882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        96369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         96369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1038764                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1038764                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1135133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1135133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1135133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1135133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3867683500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3867683500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  76704328000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  76704328000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  80572011500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80572011500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  80572011500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80572011500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     20276638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20276638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     34890015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34890015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     34890015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34890015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.071083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 40134.104328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40134.104328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73841.919820                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73841.919820                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 70980.238879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70980.238879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 70980.238879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70980.238879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      5030125                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          519                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            116378                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    43.222301                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          519                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       168350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            168350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        35604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        35604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       895184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       895184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       930788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       930788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       930788                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       930788                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        60765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       143580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1908276000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1908276000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12268587000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12268587000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14176863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14176863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14176863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14176863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009825                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009825                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31404.196495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31404.196495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85447.743418                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85447.743418                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69377.097556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69377.097556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69377.097556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69377.097556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
