
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.387321                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                387320726500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               387320726500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 176162                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   176717                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               48695201                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 235496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7953.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1401188945                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1405604139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             76480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           1678784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              1755264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        76480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       162112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            162112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               1195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              26231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 27426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               197459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              4334351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4531810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          197459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             197459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            418547                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 418547                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            418547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              197459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             4334351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4950357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         27427                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         2533                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          29960                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      1755264                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    162112                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                1755264                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 162112                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  1660                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  1716                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  1723                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  1743                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  1702                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  1707                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  1721                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1697                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1768                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  1765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 1770                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1755                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 1736                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 1676                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 1660                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 1628                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   157                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   162                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   157                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                   160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                   156                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   157                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   157                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   162                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   165                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  161                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                  157                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  154                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  153                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    387320698500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   27427                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   2533                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     13387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                      712904000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1439226500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    137135000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   589187500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       25992.78                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    21482.03                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  52474.81                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.53                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.53                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.42                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        16.63                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      17586                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1048                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   64.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  41.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12927927.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                97754812                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          88045070                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           3614513                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             65790839                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                65487235                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.538531                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    1327                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                219                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   49                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        774641454                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          164855086                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1642226882                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    97754812                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           65488562                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     329193327                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                20835132                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles              263364086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   66                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          2508                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 161933823                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                733897                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          774407665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.126639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.146663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                445214338     57.49%     57.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 74055584      9.56%     67.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 37896707      4.89%     71.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  9077649      1.17%     73.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 28106182      3.63%     76.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 18772378      2.42%     79.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 11485240      1.48%     80.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  3791473      0.49%     81.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                146008114     18.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            774407665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.126194                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        2.119983                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                215996576                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             214396476                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 284196048                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              42825985                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               16992580                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             1636523781                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               16992580                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                239852916                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                36748965                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles       52423247                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 302028125                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             126361832                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             1625670094                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                   144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               30926636                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents              73309992                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents          3198488                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          1356344294                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            2746400105                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       2712277962                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups          34122143                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1244770439                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                111573855                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts            2642593                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts        2663144                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 271720784                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            436941817                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           179749373                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         254480906                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         83188791                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 1512511277                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             2608080                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1459319933                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             52996                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109213691                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    130186216                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         364409                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     774407665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.884434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.431122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           145648239     18.81%     18.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           184522685     23.83%     42.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           209864984     27.10%     69.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           131209019     16.94%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            70693972      9.13%     95.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            20392101      2.63%     98.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             8014841      1.03%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             3879808      0.50%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              182016      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       774407665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  140362      8.20%      8.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      8.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      8.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 95230      5.57%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     13.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                1159729     67.79%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                315506     18.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             866449380     59.37%     59.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     59.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     59.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             2644870      0.18%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     59.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            419102646     28.72%     88.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           171123037     11.73%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1459319933                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.883865                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1710827                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.001172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         3676966203                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        1615362108                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1443197913                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            17845151                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            9210352                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8546882                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1451899562                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 9131198                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        215327027                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     34428974                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        58580                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       245871                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     12901231                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3337                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        100836                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               16992580                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 3019126                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                247748                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          1608802731                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           4125538                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             436941817                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            179749373                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            2524925                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 149083                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  1915                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         245871                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        2268919                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1473448                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              3742367                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1454001167                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             416555573                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           5318766                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                      93683374                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    587003910                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 89035290                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  170448337                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.876999                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1452626666                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1451744795                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1153395564                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1204642088                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.874086                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.957459                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       119183948                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2243671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           3614513                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    757415085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.966588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.509597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    240000251     31.69%     31.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    275796766     36.41%     68.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     42566622      5.62%     73.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     54725654      7.23%     80.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     19677570      2.60%     83.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     13283245      1.75%     85.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     30556171      4.03%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     10517669      1.39%     90.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     70291137      9.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    757415085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts           1485108088                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1489523282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      569360985                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     402512843                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                       51356                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   86248928                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    8452036                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1319476376                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1206914                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              70291137                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   2295766308                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  3234429823                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           26016                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          233789                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1401188945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1405604139                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total            1401188945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.552846                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.552846                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.808823                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.808823                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               1979081340                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1275150411                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                  16965180                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                 10491866                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               592655969                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                2190883                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    200                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1035.615179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                161931886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   1338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               121025.325859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1035.615179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.505671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.505671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    161931886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       161931886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     161931886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        161931886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    161931886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       161931886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     85579500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85579500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     85579500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85579500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     85579500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85579500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    161933823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    161933823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    161933823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    161933823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    161933823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    161933823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 44181.466185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44181.466185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 44181.466185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44181.466185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 44181.466185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44181.466185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          127                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          598                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          598                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 46627.333831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46627.333831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 46627.333831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46627.333831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 46627.333831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46627.333831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                  2556                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             22454.455372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  550476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 24273                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                 22.678532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 20744.724619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   1061.167682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    648.563071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.633079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.032384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.019793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.685256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst          143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       196431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         196574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       443982                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       443982                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       240656                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       240656                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       437087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          437230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       437087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         437230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         4446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         5642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        21785                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        21785                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        26231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         27427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        26231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        27427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59648000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    445587500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    505235500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1587912500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1587912500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   2033500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2093148000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2033500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2093148000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       200877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       202216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       443982                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       443982                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       262441                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       262441                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       463318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       464657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       463318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       464657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.893204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.083009                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.083009                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.893204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.893204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49872.909699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 100222.109762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89549.007444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72890.176727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72890.176727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49872.909699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77522.778392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76317.059832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49872.909699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77522.778392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76317.059832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks         2533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total             2533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        21785                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        21785                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        27427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44803245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    390135886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    434939131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1318424366                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1318424366                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44803245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1708560252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1753363497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44803245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1708560252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1753363497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.893204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.083009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.893204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.893204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37460.907191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87749.861898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77089.530486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60519.824007                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60519.824007                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37460.907191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65135.155046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63928.373391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37460.907191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65135.155046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63928.373391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 459222                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4093.797620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                365142346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 463318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 788.103087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              340173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4093.797620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    200185442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       200185442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    164955585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      164955585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu.data         1319                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total            1319                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     365141027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        365141027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    365141027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       365141027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       923072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        923072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1891231                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1891231                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total             7                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2814303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2814303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2814303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2814303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  14740246000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14740246000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  31916028682                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31916028682                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       150000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       150000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  46656274682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46656274682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  46656274682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46656274682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    201108514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201108514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    166846816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    166846816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu.data         1326                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total         1326                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    367955330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    367955330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    367955330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    367955330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011335                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011335                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005279                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15968.685000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15968.685000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16875.796073                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16875.796073                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21428.571429                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21428.571429                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16578.269888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16578.269888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16578.269888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16578.269888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       588860                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           17                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             35662                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.512254                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           17                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       443982                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            443982                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       722195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       722195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1628797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1628797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2350992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2350992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2350992                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2350992                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       200877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       200877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       262434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       262434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       463311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       463311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       463311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       463311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2613052500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2613052500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4357141500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4357141500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       136000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       136000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6970194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6970194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6970194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6970194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001573                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001573                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13008.221449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13008.221449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 16602.808706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16602.808706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19428.571429                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19428.571429                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15044.309330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15044.309330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15044.309330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15044.309330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
