
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.954691                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1954691371500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1954691371500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 798728                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   798728                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            26318676085                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 332420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    74.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    59321614                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      59321614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           829376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24757440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2650816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            34176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           389696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28661504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       829376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        34176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          863552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7676992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7676992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             12959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            386835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              6089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                447836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          119953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               119953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              424300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12665652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1356130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               17484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              199364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                14662931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         424300                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          17484                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             441784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3927470                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3927470                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3927470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             424300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12665652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1356130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              17484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             199364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18590401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        447836                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       119953                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         572898                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     28661504                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7676992                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               28661504                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7676992                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       69                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               3161                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 28180                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 28120                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 28097                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 27826                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 27944                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 27900                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 27858                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 27869                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 28342                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 28141                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                28250                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                28016                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                27813                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                27987                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                27674                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                27750                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  7637                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  7504                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  7585                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  7374                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  7488                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  7379                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  7353                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  7437                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  7887                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  7685                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 7821                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 7507                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 7382                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 7492                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 7142                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 7280                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                        1948                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1954684300500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  447836                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 119953                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    407021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      3665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      2219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      3122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      2946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      2699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      2701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      2643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      2593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     1461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     1368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     1347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     1387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                     1607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                     1512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                       13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      4328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      4843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      5215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     5215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     5215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     5215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     5215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     5215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     5215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     1507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     1341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                      940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                      888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                      373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                     4783798250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               13397999500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2238835000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  6375366250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10683.68                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14238.13                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29921.81                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          14.66                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  14.66                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   3.93                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.91                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     419870                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     92076                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  76.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3442624.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.l2c.replacements                        340771                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     65303.436480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         2493415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        405943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                          6.142279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                    6937754751                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        55559.705668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          4839.489270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          4775.815267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst           117.980929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            10.445347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.847774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.073845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.072873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.001800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.000159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.996451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             902966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             773506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst              86370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              33767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1796609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          820435                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               820435                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             163                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              56                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 219                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           171833                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            12858                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               184691                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              902966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              945339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               86370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               46625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1981300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             902966                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             945339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              86370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              46625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1981300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            12959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           271596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst              545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data              189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               285289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2442                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           483                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2925                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           73                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         115623                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           5918                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             121541                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             12959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            387219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              6107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                406830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            12959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           387219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              545                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             6107                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               406830                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    800348000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11682390000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     34833000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     14789000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    12532360000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1038000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       229000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1267000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        22500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       115000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       137500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5536684000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    338210000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5874894000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    800348000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17219074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     34833000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    352999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     18407254000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    800348000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17219074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     34833000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    352999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    18407254000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         915925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        1045102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst          86915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          33956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2081898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       820435                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           820435                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2605                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          539                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           92                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       287456                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        18776                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           306232                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          915925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1332558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           86915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           52732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2388130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         915925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1332558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          86915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          52732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2388130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.259875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.006270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.005566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.137033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.937428                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.896104                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.930344                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.562500                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.793478                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.402229                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.315190                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.396892                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.290583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.006270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.115812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.170355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.290583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.006270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.115812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.170355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61760.012347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43013.851456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 63913.761468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78248.677249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43928.647792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   425.061425                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   474.120083                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   433.162393                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   833.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  1575.342466                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total         1375                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47885.662887                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57149.374789                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48336.725879                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61760.012347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44468.566883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 63913.761468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57802.357950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45245.566944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61760.012347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44468.566883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 63913.761468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57802.357950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45245.566944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               78433                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    78433                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       271596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          285278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2442                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          483                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2925                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           73                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       115623                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5918                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        121541                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       387219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           406819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       387219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          406819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    637272201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8347679089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     27561783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12429436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9024942509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24585937                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4830483                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29416420                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       270027                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       730073                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1000100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4108844602                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    263408851                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4372253453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    637272201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12456523691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     27561783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    275838287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13397195962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    637272201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12456523691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     27561783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    275838287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13397195962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1373082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     18171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1391253000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1972248000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    500755000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2473003000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3345330000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    518926000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3864256000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.259875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.006144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.937428                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.896104                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.930344                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.562500                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.793478                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.402229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.315190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.396892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.290583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.006144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.115812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.170350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.290583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.006144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.115812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49176.032178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30735.648128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51613.825843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65764.211640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31635.606352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10067.951269                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10056.895726                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35536.568001                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44509.775431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35973.485927                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49176.032178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32169.195445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51613.825843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45167.559686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32931.588648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49176.032178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32169.195445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51613.825843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45167.559686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32931.588648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                     41694                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     0.572561                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     41710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              1746701282000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide       0.572561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.occ_percent::tsunami.ide      0.035785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.occ_percent::total            0.035785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41726                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21042998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21042998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10674900806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10674900806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10695943804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10695943804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10695943804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10695943804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120936.770115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120936.770115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 256904.620861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 256904.620861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 256337.626516                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 256337.626516                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 256337.626516                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 256337.626516                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        286340                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                27291                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.492104                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     11994249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11994249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8512910554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8512910554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8524904803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8524904803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8524904803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8524904803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68932.465517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68932.465517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 204873.665624                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204873.665624                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 204306.782414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204306.782414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 204306.782414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204306.782414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8631552                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7447                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  490676                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    6044616                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      813                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         134                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 187452                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    14676168                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      8260                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          344                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  678128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    3853435                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3871                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                3857306                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3908211536                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   54061829                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     54061829                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             50032862                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                294101                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1426501                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6236445                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    50032862                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       294101                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           68513770                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          37070851                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              143419                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             146520                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     14722187                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    8662865                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6059322                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3679287399.643625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              228924136.356375                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.058575                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.941425                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6369                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    202997                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   72749     40.62%     40.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    131      0.07%     40.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1975      1.10%     41.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      6      0.00%     41.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 104220     58.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              179081                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    71382     49.27%     49.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     131      0.09%     49.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1975      1.36%     50.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       6      0.00%     50.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   71376     49.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               144870                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1898301273000     97.14%     97.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               93023500      0.00%     97.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              762236500      0.04%     97.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                5235500      0.00%     97.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            54943969500      2.81%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1954105738000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.981209                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.684859                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.808964                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      3.60%      3.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        19      8.56%     12.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.80%     13.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        32     14.41%     28.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.45%     28.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        9      4.05%     32.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      4.50%     37.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.70%     40.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.45%     40.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.35%     41.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        7      3.15%     45.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.90%     45.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       36     16.22%     62.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.35%     63.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      4.50%     68.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.50%     72.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.45%     72.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        6      2.70%     75.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       23     10.36%     86.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.35%     87.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        6      2.70%     90.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.45%     90.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      1.35%     91.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      4.05%     95.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.90%     96.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.90%     97.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.45%     98.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.90%     99.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.90%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   222                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   88      0.05%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3896      2.07%      2.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      51      0.03%      2.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               172217     91.50%     93.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6678      3.55%     97.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     97.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     97.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.00%     97.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     97.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4751      2.52%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 381      0.20%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     136      0.07%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                188224                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7304                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1283                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1283                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1283                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.175657                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.298824                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1950347295500     99.82%     99.82% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3454635500      0.18%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3897                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                915312                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               509.170565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                53154487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                915824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 58.040068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle           32594703000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   509.170565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.994474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     53154487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       53154487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     53154487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        53154487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     53154487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       53154487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       915946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       915946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       915946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        915946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       915946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       915946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12645153500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12645153500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12645153500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  12645153500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12645153500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  12645153500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     54070433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     54070433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     54070433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     54070433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     54070433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     54070433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13805.566595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13805.566595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13805.566595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13805.566595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13805.566595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13805.566595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       915946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       915946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       915946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       915946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       915946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       915946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10813261500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10813261500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10813261500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10813261500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10813261500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10813261500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11805.566595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11805.566595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11805.566595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11805.566595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11805.566595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11805.566595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements               1337909                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               506.537579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                13346950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs               1338324                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                  9.972884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              93616000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   506.537579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.989331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.989331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      7419116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7419116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5560491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5560491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       176356                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       176356                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       191669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       191669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     12979607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12979607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     12979607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12979607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1035921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1035921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       291041                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       291041                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        16710                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        16710                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data          430                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          430                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1326962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1326962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1326962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1326962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22391252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22391252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8190685500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8190685500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    219165000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    219165000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2509000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2509000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30581937500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30581937500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30581937500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30581937500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8455037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8455037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5851532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5851532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       193066                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       193066                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       192099                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       192099                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14306569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14306569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14306569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14306569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.122521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086551                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086551                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002238                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.002238                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21614.825841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21614.825841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28142.720441                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28142.720441                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13115.798923                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13115.798923                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5834.883721                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5834.883721                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23046.581213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23046.581213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23046.581213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23046.581213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       789805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           789805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1035921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1035921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       291041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       291041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        16710                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        16710                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          430                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1326962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1326962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1326962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1326962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20319410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20319410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7608603500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7608603500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    185745000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    185745000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1649000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1649000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27928013500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27928013500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27928013500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27928013500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1465455500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1465455500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2092162000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2092162000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3557617500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3557617500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049738                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049738                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086551                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086551                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002238                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002238                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19614.825841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19614.825841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26142.720441                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26142.720441                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11115.798923                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11115.798923                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3834.883721                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3834.883721                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21046.581213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21046.581213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21046.581213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21046.581213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1047086                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2992                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  239363                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     650181                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      341                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          29                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 105247                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1697267                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      3333                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           29                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  344610                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1487534                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1216                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1488750                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3909382743                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5259785                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      5259785                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              4928462                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 34031                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     156703                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       508760                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     4928462                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        34031                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            6858583                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           3715950                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               22062                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              21862                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1706720                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1053093                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    653627                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3890042761.998010                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              19339981.001990                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004947                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995053                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2297                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     35535                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    8961     31.73%     31.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1969      6.97%     38.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     88      0.31%     39.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  17223     60.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               28241                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     8951     45.05%     45.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1969      9.91%     54.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      88      0.44%     55.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    8863     44.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                19871                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1917858613000     98.12%     98.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              705516000      0.04%     98.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               59546500      0.00%     98.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            36066938000      1.85%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1954690613500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998884                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.514603                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.703622                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        11     10.58%     10.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                        10      9.62%     20.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.96%     21.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        6      5.77%     26.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      2.88%     29.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      2.88%     32.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        4      3.85%     36.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       18     17.31%     53.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      2.88%     56.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.96%     57.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       31     29.81%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       10      9.62%     97.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      2.88%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   104                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    6      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  337      1.17%      1.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.01%      1.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.02%      1.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                23653     81.85%     83.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2170      7.51%     90.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     90.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.01%     90.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     90.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2530      8.75%     99.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 136      0.47%     99.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      44      0.15%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 28898                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              803                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                464                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2065                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                477                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  464                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   13                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.594022                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.006295                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.286315                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3558805000      0.18%      0.18% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1714794500      0.09%      0.27% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1949417010500     99.73%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     338                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                 86368                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               420.702382                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                 5176232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                 86880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                 59.579098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle          1938927920500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   420.702382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.821684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.821684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5176232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        5176232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5176232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         5176232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5176232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        5176232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst        86916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        86916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst        86916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         86916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst        86916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        86916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1175951500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1175951500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1175951500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1175951500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1175951500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1175951500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5263148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5263148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5263148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      5263148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5263148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      5263148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13529.747112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13529.747112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13529.747112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13529.747112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13529.747112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13529.747112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        86916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        86916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        86916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1002119500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002119500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1002119500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002119500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1002119500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002119500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11529.747112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11529.747112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11529.747112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11529.747112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11529.747112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11529.747112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 52807                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               417.673106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                 1641018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                 53319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 30.777359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle          1938580812000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   417.673106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.815768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.815768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1001238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1001238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       616220                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        616220                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        10806                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        10806                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        11203                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        11203                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1617458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1617458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1617458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1617458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        37008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        37008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        20401                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        20401                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data          956                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          956                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data          500                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          500                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        57409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         57409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        57409                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        57409                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    463706500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    463706500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    540901000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    540901000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     10601500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     10601500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3694000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3694000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1004607500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1004607500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1004607500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1004607500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1038246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1038246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       636621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       636621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        11762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        11762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        11703                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        11703                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1674867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1674867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1674867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1674867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032046                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032046                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081279                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081279                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.042724                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.042724                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12529.898941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12529.898941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26513.455223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26513.455223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11089.435146                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11089.435146                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data         7388                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         7388                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17499.129056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17499.129056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17499.129056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17499.129056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        30630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            30630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        37008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        20401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          956                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          956                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        57409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        57409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    389690500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    389690500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    500099000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    500099000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      8689500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8689500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2694000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2694000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    889789500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    889789500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    889789500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    889789500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     19380000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     19380000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    529600000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    529600000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    548980000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    548980000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081279                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081279                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.042724                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042724                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10529.898941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10529.898941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24513.455223                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24513.455223                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9089.435146                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9089.435146                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         5388                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5388                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15499.129056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15499.129056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15499.129056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15499.129056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
