
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.841686                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1841685557500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1841685557500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 244491                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   244491                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6478446279                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 315916                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   284.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    69503534                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      69503534                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           474240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         19348096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2652288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           150080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          2814720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           294912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2705088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28439424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       474240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       150080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       294912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          919232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7476992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7476992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            302314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             43980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              4608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             42267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                444366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          116828                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               116828                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              257503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            10505646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1440142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               81491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1528339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              160132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1468811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15442063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         257503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          81491                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         160132                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             499125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4059864                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4059864                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4059864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             257503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           10505646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1440142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              81491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            1528339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             160132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1468811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               19501926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        109963                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        45515                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         155620                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      7037632                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2912960                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                7037632                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2912960                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        6                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                 40                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  6991                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  6778                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  6646                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  6540                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  6897                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  6863                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  6800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  6833                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  7049                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  6858                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 7191                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 6954                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 6826                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 6963                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 6923                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 6845                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2979                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2790                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2684                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2595                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2850                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2752                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2726                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2828                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  3044                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2935                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 3156                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2867                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2811                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2879                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2851                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2768                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                         102                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1840673470000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  109963                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  45515                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     80954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      9408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      1281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      1214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      1104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      1103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      1081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      1065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                      576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                      390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                      365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                      154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                     2376401250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                4386835000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    549785000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1460648750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       21612.10                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13283.82                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  39895.91                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           3.82                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   3.82                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   1.58                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.16                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      99744                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     34338                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   90.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  75.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     11838803.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.l2c.replacements                        337431                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     65421.769821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         2476371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        402593                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                          6.151053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                     614754000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        54783.846469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          2311.752265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          2671.563738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst           585.881665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data           667.174389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          2255.430098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.data          2146.121197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.835935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.035275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.040765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.008940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.010180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            0.034415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.data            0.032747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.998257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             514621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             491109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             126725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              83687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             298608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             242406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1757156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          836280                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               836280                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            92033                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            27042                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            67840                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               186915                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              514621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              583142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              126725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              110729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              298608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              310246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1944071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             514621                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             583142                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             126725                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             110729                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             298608                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             310246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1944071                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           225248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data            23010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             4608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data            24959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               287580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          77341                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          21020                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          17409                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             115770                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            302589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             44030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              4608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             42368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                403350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7410                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           302589                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            44030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             4608                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            42368                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               403350                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    151883500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1053888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    310106500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1117642500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2633520500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       295000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       295000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    979969000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1286505500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2266474500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    151883500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2033857000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    310106500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2404148000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      4899995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    151883500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2033857000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    310106500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2404148000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     4899995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         522031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         716357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         129070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         106697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         303216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         267365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2044736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       836280                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           836280                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       169374                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        48062                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        85249                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           302685                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          522031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          885731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          129070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          154759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          303216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          352614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2347421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         522031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         885731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         129070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         154759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         303216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         352614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2347421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.314435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.018168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.215657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.015197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.093352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.140644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.692308                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.456629                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.437352                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.204214                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.382477                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.341626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.018168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.284507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.015197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.120154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.171827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.341626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.018168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.284507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.015197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.120154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.171827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 64769.083156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45801.303781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 67297.417535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 44779.137786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9157.523124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16388.888889                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46620.789724                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73898.874146                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19577.390516                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 64769.083156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46192.527822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 67297.417535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56744.429758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12148.245940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 64769.083156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46192.527822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 67297.417535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56744.429758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12148.245940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               75316                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    75316                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        23010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        24959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           54922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        21020                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        17409                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         38429                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        44030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        42368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            93351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        44030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        42368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           93351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    122370842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    770894982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    252658268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    814852254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1960776346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       261506                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       261506                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    720185758                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1074026983                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1794212741                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    122370842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1491080740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    252658268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1888879237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3754989087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    122370842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1491080740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    252658268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1888879237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3754989087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    269544000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    323045500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    592589500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    337247500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    397454500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    734702000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    606791500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    720500000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1327291500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.215657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.015197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.093352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384615                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.437352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.204214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.284507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.015197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.120154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.039767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.284507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.015197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.120154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52183.727932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33502.606780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 54830.353299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32647.632277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35701.109683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26150.600000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26150.600000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34261.929496                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 61693.778103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46689.030186                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52183.727932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33865.108789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 54830.353299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 44582.685919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40224.412026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52183.727932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33865.108789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 54830.353299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 44582.685919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40224.412026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                     41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     1.255479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              1693875860000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide       1.255479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.occ_percent::tsunami.ide      0.078467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.occ_percent::total            0.078467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9177998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9177998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4305588904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4305588904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4314766902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4314766902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4314766902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4314766902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 53052.011561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53052.011561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 103619.293993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103619.293993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 103409.632163                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103409.632163                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 103409.632163                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103409.632163                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        116041                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                11151                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.406331                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        16768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        16837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        16837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5589249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5589249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3433126461                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3433126461                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3438715710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3438715710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3438715710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3438715710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.398844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.403543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.403523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.403523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 81003.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81003.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 204742.751729                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204742.751729                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 204235.654214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204235.654214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 204235.654214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204235.654214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4874109                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      5989                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          118                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  427176                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3500725                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      661                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          82                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 162885                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                     8374834                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      6650                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          200                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  590061                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2743092                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     2995                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                          98                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2746087                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       928539725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   32518253                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     32518253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             30397519                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                168035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     808172                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4307008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    30397519                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       168035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           42396693                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22221610                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               86774                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              88345                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8404498                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4895120                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3509378                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              214025441196.436279                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              -213096901471.436279                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction             -229.496806                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                  230.496806                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6423                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    211357                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   74794     40.97%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    203      0.11%     41.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1878      1.03%     42.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 105682     57.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              182557                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    73427     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     203      0.14%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1878      1.26%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   73427     49.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               148935                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1818586321500     98.75%     98.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               38755000      0.00%     98.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              363405500      0.02%     98.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            22696319000      1.23%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1841684801000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.981723                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.694792                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815827                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                       11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 4176      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               175300     91.20%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6782      3.53%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     7      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    5175      2.69%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                192213                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5922                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1739                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle               2095                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1909                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1739                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                  170                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.322357                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.081146                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.391349                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       29734416500      1.61%      1.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2561211500      0.14%      1.75% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1809389169500     98.25%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    4177                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                953667                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               511.197543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                42031546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                954178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 44.050005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle           10246755000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   255.638706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    78.351576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   177.207261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.499294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.153030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.346108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.998433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     32003051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7743805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2284690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       42031546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     32003051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7743805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2284690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        42031546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     32003051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7743805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2284690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       42031546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       522052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       129070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       320206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       971328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       522052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       129070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       320206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        971328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       522052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       129070                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       320206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       971328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1813664500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4475771482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6289435982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1813664500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4475771482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6289435982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1813664500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4475771482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6289435982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     32525103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7872875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2604896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43002874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     32525103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7872875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      2604896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     43002874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     32525103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7872875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      2604896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     43002874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14051.789727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13977.787680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6475.089755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14051.789727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13977.787680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6475.089755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14051.789727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13977.787680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6475.089755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4631                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              184                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.168478                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        16976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16976                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16976                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       129070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       303230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       432300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       129070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       303230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       432300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       129070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       303230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       432300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1555524500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3682492984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5238017484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1555524500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3682492984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5238017484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1555524500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3682492984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5238017484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12051.789727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12144.223804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12116.626149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12051.789727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12144.223804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12116.626149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12051.789727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12144.223804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12116.626149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements               1392556                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               511.997817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                13323345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs               1393068                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                  9.564031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   246.086905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    89.137504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   176.773408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.480638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.174097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.345261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4052041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1098209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      2416271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7566521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3204724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       859151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      1309317                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5373192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       116570                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        19297                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        48424                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       184291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       125555                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        21359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        52366                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199280                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7256765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1957360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      3725588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12939713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7256765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1957360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      3725588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12939713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       706812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       104504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       547702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1359018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       169385                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        48063                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       561193                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       778641                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2193                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         7060                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        18798                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       876197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       152567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1108895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2137659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       876197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       152567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1108895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2137659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2184733000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9442098000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11626831000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1395266000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  14749790240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16145056240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     29363000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    105564500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    134927500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3579999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  24191888240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  27771887240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3579999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  24191888240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  27771887240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4758853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1202713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2963973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8925539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3374109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       907214                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1870510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6151833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       126115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        55484                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       203089                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       125555                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        52367                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199281                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8132962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      2109927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      4834483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15077372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8132962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      2109927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      4834483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15077372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.148526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.086890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.184786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.152262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050201                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.052979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.300021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.075685                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.102047                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.127244                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.092560                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.072309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.229372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.141779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.072309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.229372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.141779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20905.735666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17239.480593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8555.317884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 29029.939871                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26282.919138                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20734.916656                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13389.420885                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14952.478754                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7177.758272                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23465.094024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21816.211851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12991.729382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23465.094024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21816.211851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12991.729382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       421766                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          580                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            16882                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.983177                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    82.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       836280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           836280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       285653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       285653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       476174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       476174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         1502                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1502                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       761827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       761827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       761827                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       761827                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       104504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       262049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       366553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        48063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        85019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       133082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2193                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         5558                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7751                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       152567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       347068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       499635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       152567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       347068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       499635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1975725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4306208500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6281933500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1299140000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2144349624                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3443489624                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     24977000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     70824000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95801000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3274865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6450558124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9725423124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3274865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6450558124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9725423124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    287731500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    345150500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    632882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    357324500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    421745500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    779070000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    645056000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    766896000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1411952000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.086890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.088411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.052979                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.045452                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021633                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.102047                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.100173                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038166                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.072309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.072309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18905.735666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16432.836989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17137.858645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27029.939871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25222.004775                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25874.946454                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11389.420885                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12742.713206                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12359.824539                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21465.094024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18585.862494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19465.055739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21465.094024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18585.862494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19465.055739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1221793                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1550                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           45                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  143987                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     928954                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      206                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          24                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  60098                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     2150747                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      1756                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           69                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  204085                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     875028                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      772                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                          46                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 875800                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       953543873                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7871049                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7871049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7322486                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 45486                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     212361                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       961543                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7322486                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        45486                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           10177666                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5328829                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               24537                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              24857                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2158619                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1227197                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    931422                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              -1678612352.135852                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2632156225.135852                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                2.760393                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                   -1.760393                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                8388883                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          7698653                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           129790                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             6809522                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                5746337                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            84.386790                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 285994                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             15305                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3222753                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     11767                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                          114                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  216394                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    1997746                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     2597                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                         133                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  81219                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     5220499                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     14364                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                          247                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  297613                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     371919                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     5650                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                         270                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 377569                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        30487191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           8524791                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      34873991                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    8388883                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           6032331                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      8111828                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 622665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles               9676306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles               10691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        62420                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        80561                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          496                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  2604903                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                90729                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          26874751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.297649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.309099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                18762923     69.82%     69.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  273694      1.02%     70.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  440641      1.64%     72.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 4237897     15.77%     88.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  736346      2.74%     90.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  166761      0.62%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  196079      0.73%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  433619      1.61%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 1626791      6.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            26874751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.275161                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.143890                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 8657787                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles              9768162                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  7515953                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               293497                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                393434                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              168963                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                12933                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              34472576                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                40526                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                393434                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 9012684                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                2836795                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       5769605                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  7372565                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              1243759                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              33316352                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                234595                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents               408588                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           22366948                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             41510379                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        41345500                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups           164879                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             20534540                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 1832408                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            504738                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts         60071                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3686935                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             3385510                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            2088081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           373278                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          254690                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  30792200                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             629969                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 30337437                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            32004                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2187587                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1093629                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        444846                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26874751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.128845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.565283                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           15311841     56.97%     56.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3103500     11.55%     68.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1551808      5.77%     74.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            5059769     18.83%     93.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             912287      3.39%     96.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             489619      1.82%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             286015      1.06%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             141615      0.53%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              18297      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       26874751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  34821     13.89%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     13.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                112497     44.88%     58.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               103352     41.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2448      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             24640378     81.22%     81.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               20252      0.07%     81.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     81.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               8482      0.03%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1224      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     81.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3354206     11.06%     92.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2020424      6.66%     99.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            290023      0.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              30337437                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.995088                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     250670                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008263                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          87595744                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         33498169                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     29934734                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             236555                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            115613                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       112132                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              30462481                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 123178                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          189585                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       417411                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          964                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4105                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       161809                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         4731                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        22958                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                393434                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                2055085                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               212014                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           32707784                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           224122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3385510                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2088081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            559310                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                150319                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2295                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          4105                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         66873                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130024                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              196897                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             30173481                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3242841                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           163956                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      1285615                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     5247672                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 6797242                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   2004831                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.989710                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      30079535                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     30046866                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 17352028                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 20589621                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.985557                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.842756                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2372790                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         185123                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           182681                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26481317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.143824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.850690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16366667     61.80%     61.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324205      8.78%     70.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1216165      4.59%     75.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4790733     18.09%     93.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       501931      1.90%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186373      0.70%     95.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       179761      0.68%     96.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       180772      0.68%     97.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       734710      2.77%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26481317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            30289973                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              30289973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       4894371                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      2968099                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      65019                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   6647353                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                    110870                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 28830509                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              231619                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               734710                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    58337288                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   65718838                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         243105                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        3612440                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  1745337726                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   29114232                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     29114232                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total             29114232                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.047158                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.047158                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.954966                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.954966                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                39679960                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               21237504                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    68414                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   68689                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                4591435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                259923                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
