
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.066031                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 66030660000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                66030660000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  55728                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    98128                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               23291229                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 430752                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2835.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   157988547                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     278192464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             64768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           1881920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              1946688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        64768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           64768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        10176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             10176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               1012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              29405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             159                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  159                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               980878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             28500700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                29481577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          980878                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             980878                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            154110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 154110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            154110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              980878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            28500700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               29635687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         30419                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          159                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          30579                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      1946688                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     10176                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                1946688                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  10176                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       38                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  1                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  1928                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  1909                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  1973                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  1961                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  1880                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  1865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  1928                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1951                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1931                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  1941                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 1872                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1874                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 1846                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 1894                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 1830                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 1798                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                    61                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    39                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     7                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     8                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   13                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     66030647000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   30419                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    159                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     29848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                       12950000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 610712500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    151905000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   445857500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         426.25                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14675.54                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20101.79                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          29.48                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  29.48                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.15                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         9.37                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      29124                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                        74                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  46.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2159416.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                34530822                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          34530822                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            911360                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             24729253                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                24630321                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.599939                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  444                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        132061321                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           26640465                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      185644154                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    34530822                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           24630321                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      56512430                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 6116130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles               43661882                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   28                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           168                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  25987124                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                190736                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          131984046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.483688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.326165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 78029555     59.12%     59.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  1995729      1.51%     60.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  2956074      2.24%     62.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  3928612      2.98%     65.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  7800232      5.91%     71.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  4757812      3.60%     75.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  2739309      2.08%     77.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1526136      1.16%     78.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 28250587     21.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            131984046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.261476                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.405742                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 37482972                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              35916557                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  44772529                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               8642915                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                5169073                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              324582822                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                5169073                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 43046448                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 8564916                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           9080                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  47588733                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              27605796                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              320159922                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                   237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                  45758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents              25753634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents              369                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           322185741                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             849178580                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        849176902                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups              1678                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             279212747                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 42972994                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                471                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            465                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  62311011                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            102521831                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            35289955                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads          39590581                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          5948018                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  315836203                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                1692                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 302241523                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            114427                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        37009178                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     54193553                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           1247                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     131984046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.289985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.700189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            24578568     18.62%     18.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            23258852     17.62%     36.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            25861899     19.59%     55.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            25827751     19.57%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            18939781     14.35%     89.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             8317897      6.30%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             4131388      3.13%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              904597      0.69%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              163313      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       131984046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   38531      1.97%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      1.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                1832245     93.51%     95.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 88531      4.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             31281      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             171212053     56.65%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  31      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     56.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             97762843     32.35%     89.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            33235315     11.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              302241523                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.288645                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1959307                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.006483                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          738540324                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         352878782                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    299597425                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 502                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                804                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          148                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              304169320                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     229                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         54003142                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     11742446                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        27574                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        33469                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3850203                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3240                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          8493                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                5169073                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 1760712                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                159375                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           315837895                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            196193                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             102521831                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             35289955                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                465                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   3161                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 73375                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          33469                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         522333                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       446338                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               968671                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             300624260                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              97295381                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1617263                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    130311532                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 30892471                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   33016151                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.276399                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      300027844                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     299597573                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 219555050                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 298061824                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.268625                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.736609                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        37658416                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            911380                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    126814973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.193688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.964855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     58216662     45.91%     45.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19288284     15.21%     61.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11866550      9.36%     70.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9593635      7.57%     78.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1717867      1.35%     79.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2074758      1.64%     81.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1297787      1.02%     82.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       717245      0.57%     82.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     22042185     17.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    126814973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            157988547                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              278192464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      122219137                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      90779385                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   29309705                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                         40                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 278186174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              22042185                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    420623668                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   636875907                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           13847                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           77275                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   157988547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     278192464                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total             157988547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.835892                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.835892                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.196327                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.196327                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                592882448                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               300260228                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                       139                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                       69                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               192732445                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     62                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                833.765098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 25985776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   1029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               25253.426628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     833.765098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.407112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.407112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     25985776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        25985776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      25985776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         25985776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     25985776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        25985776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66423500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66423500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66423500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66423500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66423500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66423500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     25987124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25987124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     25987124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     25987124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     25987124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     25987124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49275.593472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49275.593472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49275.593472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49275.593472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49275.593472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49275.593472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51809000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51809000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51809000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51809000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51809000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51809000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        50300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        50300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        50300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        50300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        50300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        50300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                   466                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             20794.050693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 4028842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 30396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                132.545138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 19862.572081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    688.563421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    242.915191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.606158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.021013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.007413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.634584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1993511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1993528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      2066502                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      2066502                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        53260                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        53260                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2046771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2046788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2046771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2046788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        29000                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        29000                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        29407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         30419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        29407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        30419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     20149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70750000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1220932500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1220932500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1241081500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1291682500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50601000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1241081500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1291682500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1993918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1994947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2066502                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      2066502                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        82260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        82260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2076178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2077207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2076178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2077207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.352541                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.352541                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50000.988142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49506.142506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49859.055673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42101.120690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42101.120690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50000.988142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42203.607984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42463.016536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50000.988142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42203.607984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42463.016536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks          159                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total              159                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        29000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38046308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     15112341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53158649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    863152212                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    863152212                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38046308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    878264553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    916310861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38046308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    878264553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    916310861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.352541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37595.166008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37131.058968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37462.050035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29763.869379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29763.869379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37595.166008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29865.833067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30122.977777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37595.166008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29865.833067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30122.977777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2072079                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4072.467231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 71962219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                2076175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  34.660960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle            21183795000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4072.467231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.994255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.994255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     40620741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        40620741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     31341471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       31341471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      71962212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         71962212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     71962212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        71962212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2625931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2625931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        98281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        98281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2724212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2724212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2724212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2724212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  31328626500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31328626500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2110180998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2110180998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  33438807498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33438807498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  33438807498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33438807498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     43246672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43246672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     31439752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31439752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     74686424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     74686424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     74686424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     74686424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.060720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.036475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.036475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 11930.483512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11930.483512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21470.894659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21470.894659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12274.671537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12274.671537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12274.671537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12274.671537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        32091                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              9458                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     3.393001                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2066502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2066502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       631907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       631907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        16126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        16126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       648033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       648033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       648033                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       648033                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1994024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1994024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        82155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        82155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2076179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2076179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2076179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2076179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  21982252000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21982252000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1835038498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1835038498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23817290498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23817290498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23817290498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23817290498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.046108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11024.065909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11024.065909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22336.297219                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22336.297219                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11471.694155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11471.694155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11471.694155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11471.694155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
