
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.182958                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1182958259000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1182958259000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 332432                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   423606                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6399087906                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 408760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   184.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61454647                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      78309315                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd     51904512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           393380                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4709236                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           323164                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4815472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             62146212                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       393380                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       323164                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          716544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4116096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       3010344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7143440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd       6488064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             12365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             73654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              5131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             75268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               6654489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           64314                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           752586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               821150                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        43876875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            54                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker           108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              332539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             3980898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              273183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             4070703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                52534577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         332539                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         273183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             605722                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3479494                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data              14371                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data            2544759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                6038624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3479494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       43876875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           54                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker          108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             332539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            3995269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             273183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            6615462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               58573201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       6654489                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       821150                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         235683                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    425887296                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  52553600                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               62146212                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7143440                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      112                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite              11769                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                422283                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                415708                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                415257                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                415923                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                415836                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                415086                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                415138                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                415982                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                415774                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                415145                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               415183                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               415686                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               415664                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               415065                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               414968                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               415679                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 51312                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 51158                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 50892                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 51475                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 51354                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 50696                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 50735                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 51449                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 51887                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 51225                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                51295                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                51778                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                51726                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                51254                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                51118                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                51796                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1182953705000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    6825                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                 6488064                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  159600                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 756836                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  64314                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    571059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    408588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    415867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   1537787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   1165425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   1169620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   1140545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     29607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     27579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     48460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    69110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    48185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     5882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     5724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     5512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     5352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     35451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     35680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     35684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     35689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     35694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     35695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     35698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     35700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     35702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     35702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    35702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    35702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    35702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    35702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    35702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    35702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    35702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    35702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    35702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    35702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    35702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    35702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    35702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                   147016739500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              189339617000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  33271885000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  9050992500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       22093.24                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1360.16                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28453.39                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         360.02                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          44.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  52.53                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   6.04                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.16                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.52                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                    6612346                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    800481                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  97.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       158241.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            68                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst           41                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               57                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           17                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst           41                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           57                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           41                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              57                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2c.replacements                         69480                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     53041.287373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1677464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        134656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         12.457403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        40190.252096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker       0.000406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.001419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          3727.107062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          4236.234020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker       2.741995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          2823.629298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data          2061.321078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.613255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.056871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.064640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.043085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.031453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.809346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         3740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         1661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             419713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             206323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             464159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             143887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1246727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          572264                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               572264                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            1120                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             606                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1726                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           216                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               316                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            57066                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            52392                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               109458                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          3740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          1661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              419713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              263389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          5388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              464159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              196279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1356185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         3740                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         1661                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             419713                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             263389                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5388                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1856                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             464159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             196279                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1356185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             5733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             7863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             5044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             3624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                22271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          4701                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          3596                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8297                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          563                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          469                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1032                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          67050                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          72720                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             139770                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              5733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             74913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              5044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             76344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                162041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             5733                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            74913                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             5044                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            76344                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               162041                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        69000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        82500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    299840500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    416754500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       247500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    276698000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    223564500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1217256500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12757497                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     11938999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     24696496                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1598500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2408500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      4007000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3004157980                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3438233497                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6442391477                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        69000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        82500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    299840500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3420912480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       247500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    276698000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3661797997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      7659647977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        69000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        82500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    299840500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3420912480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       247500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    276698000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3661797997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     7659647977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         425446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         214186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         469203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         147511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1268998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       572264                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           572264                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         5821                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         4202                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10023                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          779                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          569                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1348                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124116                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       125112                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           249228                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          425446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          338302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          469203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          272623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1518226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         3741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         425446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         338302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         469203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         272623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1518226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.036711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.024568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.017550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.807593                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.855783                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.827796                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.722721                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.824253                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.765579                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.540220                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.581239                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.560812                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.013475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.221438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.280035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.106730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.221438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.280035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.106730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        69000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        41250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52300.802372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53001.971258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        61875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54856.859635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61689.983444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54656.571326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2713.783663                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3320.077586                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2976.557310                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2839.253996                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5135.394456                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3882.751938                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44804.742431                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47280.438628                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46092.805874                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        69000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        41250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52300.802372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45665.137960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        61875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54856.859635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47964.450343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47269.814288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        69000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        41250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52300.802372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45665.137960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        61875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 54856.859635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47964.450343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47269.814288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               64314                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    64314                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4701                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3596                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8297                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          563                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          469                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1032                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        67050                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        72720                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        139770                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        74913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           162040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        74913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          162040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        56251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        57502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    227938476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    318715113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       197504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    213513533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    178263373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    938741752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47096148                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     36051561                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83147709                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5658050                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4702967                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10361017                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2154770965                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2528315165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4683086130                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        56251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        57502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    227938476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2473486078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       197504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    213513533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2706578538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5621827882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        56251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        57502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    227938476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2473486078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       197504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    213513533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2706578538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5621827882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    209633632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  12454649323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3082087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 154326885776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166994250818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1000448248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   8209486413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9209934661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    209633632                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13455097571                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3082087                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 162536372189                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 176204185479                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.807593                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.855783                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.827796                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.722721                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.824253                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.765579                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.540220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.581239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.221438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.280035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.106730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.221438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.280035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        56251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        28751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 39765.958828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40533.525754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        49376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 42330.200833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 49189.672461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42152.750427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10018.325463                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10025.461902                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10021.418465                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10049.822380                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10027.648188                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10039.745155                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32136.778001                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34767.810300                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33505.660228                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        28751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 39765.958828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33018.115387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        49376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 42330.200833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35452.406712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34694.074809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        28751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 39765.958828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33018.115387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        49376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 42330.200833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35452.406712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34694.074809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7073604                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      3763                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5658971                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      806                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    1807                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   143                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      204                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7077367                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5659777                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         12732575                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           4569                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     12737144                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    29573368                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      2205                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1332                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                29575573                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         29573368                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           2205                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     29575573                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2365916518                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   28875412                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     37222765                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             33109279                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3860                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1241807                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4373656                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    33109279                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3860                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          190112848                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          36234022                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3022                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                840                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13400902                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7411207                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5989695                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2224988060.360119                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              140928457.639881                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.059566                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.940434                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   46697                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                425482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               509.601890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                29147356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                425994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 68.421987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle           74995953000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   509.601890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.995316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     29147356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       29147356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     29147356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        29147356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     29147356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       29147356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       425995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       425995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       425995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        425995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       425995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       425995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5809941500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5809941500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5809941500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5809941500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5809941500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5809941500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     29573351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29573351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     29573351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     29573351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     29573351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     29573351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13638.520405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13638.520405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13638.520405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13638.520405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13638.520405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13638.520405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       425995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       425995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       425995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       425995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       425995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       425995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4957951500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4957951500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4957951500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4957951500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4957951500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4957951500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    299599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    299599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    299599000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    299599000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11638.520405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11638.520405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11638.520405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11638.520405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11638.520405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11638.520405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                331027                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               453.640914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                12276777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                331539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                 37.029662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle             473552000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   453.640914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.886017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.886017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6603200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6603200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5353855                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5353855                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       147936                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       147936                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       149699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       149699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11957055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11957055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11957055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11957055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       228068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       228068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       141674                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       141674                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9338                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9338                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7490                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7490                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       369742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        369742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       369742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       369742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3146768000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3146768000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4132891500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4132891500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     88585500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     88585500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44513500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     44513500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7279659500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7279659500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7279659500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7279659500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6831268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6831268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5495529                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5495529                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       157274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       157274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       157189                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       157189                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12326797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12326797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12326797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12326797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059374                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.059374                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.047650                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.047650                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13797.498992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13797.498992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29171.841693                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29171.841693                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9486.560291                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9486.560291                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5943.057410                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5943.057410                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19688.484132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19688.484132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19688.484132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19688.484132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       306714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           306714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       228068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       141674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       141674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9338                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9338                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7487                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7487                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       369742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       369742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       369742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       369742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2690632000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2690632000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3849543500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3849543500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     69909500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69909500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29541500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29541500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6540175500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6540175500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6540175500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6540175500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13562243000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13562243000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1128446000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1128446000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  14690689000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14690689000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025780                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025780                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059374                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059374                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.047631                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047631                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11797.498992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11797.498992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27171.841693                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27171.841693                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7486.560291                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7486.560291                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3945.705890                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3945.705890                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17688.484132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17688.484132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17688.484132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17688.484132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     8309714                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      3643                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5826503                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1435                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1965                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   140                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      248                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 8313357                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5827938                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         14136217                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           5078                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     14141295                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    33189716                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      2171                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1495                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                33191887                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         33189716                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           2171                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     33191887                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2364475282                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   32579235                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     41086550                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             37310899                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  6793                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     962009                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      3732730                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    37310899                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         6793                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          213650265                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          39453467                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                4535                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               2260                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     14673985                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    8631614                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   6042371                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1868339828.826306                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              496135453.173694                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.209829                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.790171                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   43883                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                469209                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               478.755545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                32719991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                469721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                 69.658353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle           92137748500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   478.755545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.935069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.935069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     32719991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       32719991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     32719991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        32719991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     32719991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       32719991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       469721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       469721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       469721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        469721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       469721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       469721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6363755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6363755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6363755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6363755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6363755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6363755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     33189712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33189712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     33189712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     33189712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     33189712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     33189712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13547.946547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13547.946547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13547.946547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13547.946547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13547.946547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13547.946547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       469721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       469721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       469721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       469721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       469721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       469721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5424313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5424313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5424313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5424313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5424313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5424313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      4396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      4396000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4396000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11547.946547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11547.946547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11547.946547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11547.946547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11547.946547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11547.946547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                292184                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               472.133429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                11959580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                292554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 40.879906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           83709904000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   472.133429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.922136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.922136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6945060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6945060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4826351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4826351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        81758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        81758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        82709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        82709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     11771411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        11771411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     11771411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       11771411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       170725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       170725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       149867                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       149867                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        11052                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11052                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data        10028                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10028                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       320592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        320592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       320592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       320592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2168241500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2168241500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4524943000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4524943000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     92270500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     92270500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     51657000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     51657000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6693184500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6693184500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6693184500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6693184500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      7115785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7115785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      4976218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4976218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        92810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        92810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        92737                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        92737                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     12092003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12092003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     12092003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12092003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.119082                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.119082                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.108134                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.108134                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12700.199151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12700.199151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 30193.057845                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30193.057845                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8348.760405                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8348.760405                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5151.276426                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5151.276426                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20877.578043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20877.578043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20877.578043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20877.578043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       265550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           265550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       170725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       170725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       149867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       149867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        11052                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11052                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10024                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        10024                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       320592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       320592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       320592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       320592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1826791500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1826791500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4225209000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4225209000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     70166500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70166500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     31611000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31611000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6052000500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6052000500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6052000500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6052000500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 168642802500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168642802500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  17668343500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17668343500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 186311146000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 186311146000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030117                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030117                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.119082                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119082                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.108091                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108091                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10700.199151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10700.199151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28193.057845                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28193.057845                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6348.760405                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6348.760405                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3153.531524                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3153.531524                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18877.578043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18877.578043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18877.578043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18877.578043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 509685021664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 509685021664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 509685021664                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 509685021664                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
