
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.082877                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 82877188500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                82877188500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  45467                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    76207                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28531656                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 321540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2904.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   132071192                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     221362962                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            218496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            124544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               343040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       218496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          218496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               3414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data               1946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              2636383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              1502754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4139137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         2636383                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2636383                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             2636383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             1502754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4139137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          5362                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           5519                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       343040                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 343040                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                157                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   274                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   293                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   321                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   273                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   309                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   368                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   378                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   381                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   371                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   374                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  367                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  353                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  358                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  339                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  355                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  248                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     82877158000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    5362                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                       16751250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 133128750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     26810000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    89567500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        3124.07                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    16704.12                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  24828.19                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.14                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.14                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       4540                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   84.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     15456389.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                19990631                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          19990631                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           2016236                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             13900591                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                13121041                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             94.391965                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  400                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        165754378                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           25900956                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      219294156                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    19990631                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           13121041                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      57660261                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                17705629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles               66643848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  251                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          1767                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           87                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  24505830                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                429319                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          165627301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.187204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.326012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                109570790     66.16%     66.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  3065879      1.85%     68.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  2385245      1.44%     69.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  2897287      1.75%     71.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  3451303      2.08%     73.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  3579914      2.16%     75.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  4327523      2.61%     78.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  2732307      1.65%     79.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 33617053     20.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            165627301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.120604                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.323007                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 38796677                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              56675107                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  44775430                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               9959956                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               15420131                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              354106901                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               15420131                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 46276497                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                14977058                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          23177                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  46586117                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              42344321                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              345709417                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    99                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               18016892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents              22216647                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents              104                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           399350509                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             961743278                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        951847615                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           9895663                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             259428606                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                139921903                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts               1677                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts           1668                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  90545817                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             86819200                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            31825632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads          57864226                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         18806791                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  334068514                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                3610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 267647923                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            253259                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112254554                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    230842120                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           2365                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     165627301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.615965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.504012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            45188875     27.28%     27.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            46699909     28.20%     55.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            32907630     19.87%     75.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            19828708     11.97%     87.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            13197780      7.97%     95.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             4795004      2.90%     98.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             2328707      1.41%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              537256      0.32%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              143432      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       165627301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  131307      4.94%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      4.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                2258473     85.02%     89.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                266681     10.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           1212174      0.45%      0.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             174292551     65.12%     65.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     65.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     65.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             1599486      0.60%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             67254766     25.13%     91.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            23288946      8.70%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              267647923                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.614726                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     2656461                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.009925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          698473214                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         441941062                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    260395422                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             5359653                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            4679108                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2580004                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              266396647                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 2695563                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         19008282                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     30169613                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        29317                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       298845                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     11309915                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        49334                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               15420131                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                  575337                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                259825                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           334072124                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            191879                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              86819200                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             31825632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               1661                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 148151                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 27876                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         298845                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        1178996                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       920787                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              2099783                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             264757229                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              66265318                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           2890694                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     89162320                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 14609733                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   22897002                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.597286                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      263814551                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     262975426                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 212208096                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 375332869                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.586537                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.565386                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       112746099                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            1245                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           2016423                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    150207170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.473718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.941598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     50947202     33.92%     33.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     57273647     38.13%     72.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     13797241      9.19%     81.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     12067854      8.03%     89.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4154161      2.77%     92.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2974218      1.98%     94.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1064553      0.71%     94.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1010133      0.67%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6918161      4.61%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    150207170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            132071192                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              221362962                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       77165304                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      56649587                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   12326938                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    2162459                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 220339553                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               6918161                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    477398070                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   683673273                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            2993                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          127077                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   132071192                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     221362962                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total             132071192                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.255038                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.255038                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.796789                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.796789                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                562793335                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               298868750                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   3530164                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                  2239527                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               137140339                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                    845                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   4944                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1623.744998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 24496606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   6912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                3544.069155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1623.744998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.792844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.792844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     24496606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        24496606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      24496606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         24496606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     24496606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        24496606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         9224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          9224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         9224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           9224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         9224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          9224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    273910997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    273910997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    273910997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    273910997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    273910997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    273910997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     24505830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24505830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     24505830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24505830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     24505830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24505830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29695.468018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29695.468018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29695.468018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29695.468018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29695.468018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29695.468018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          837                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                27                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           31                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    206824497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206824497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    206824497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    206824497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    206824497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    206824497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29249.681375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29249.681375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29249.681375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29249.681375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 29249.681375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29249.681375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse              2531.083330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                    3532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                  3809                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.927278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.684861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   2246.789003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    282.609466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.068567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.008625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.077243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         3499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data           29                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total           3528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks           14                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total           14                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         3499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total            3535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         3499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data           36                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total           3535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data          157                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total          157                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         1556                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         1556                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         1948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          5362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         1948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         5362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    164604500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     23838500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    188443000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     68684000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     68684000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    164604500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     92522500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    257127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    164604500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     92522500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    257127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         6913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           14                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total           14                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data          158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         1563                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1563                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         6913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         8897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         6913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         1984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         8897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.493852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.931116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.518953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.993671                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993671                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.995521                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.995521                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.493852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.602675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.493852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.602675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48214.557704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60812.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49512.086180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44141.388175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44141.388175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48214.557704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47496.149897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47953.562104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48214.557704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47496.149897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47953.562104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          157                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    122263536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     19005810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141269346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      1570157                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1570157                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     49028503                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49028503                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    122263536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     68034313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    190297849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    122263536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     68034313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    190297849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.493852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.931116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.993671                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993671                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.995521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.493852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.493852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 35812.400703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48484.209184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37117.537047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31509.320694                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31509.320694                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 35812.400703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34925.212012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35490.087467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 35812.400703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34925.212012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35490.087467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                     55                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               1413.084187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 67612398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   1982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs               34113.217962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    1413.084187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.344991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.344991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     47098181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        47098181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     20514009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       20514009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      67612190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         67612190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     67612190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        67612190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         1722                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1722                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         2553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           2553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         2553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          2553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     41843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     41843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     77380000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77380000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    119223000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    119223000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    119223000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    119223000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     47099012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47099012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     20515731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     20515731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     67614743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     67614743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     67614743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     67614743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50352.587244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50352.587244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44936.120790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44936.120790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46699.177438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46699.177438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46699.177438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46699.177438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           70                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           14                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total                14                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          411                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          411                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     24554500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24554500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     73902500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73902500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     98457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     98457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58324.228029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58324.228029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42941.603719                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42941.603719                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45964.985994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45964.985994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45964.985994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45964.985994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
