
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.401153                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2401153455000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2401153455000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 200255                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   257182                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             7970039029                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 397936                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   301.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60331276                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77481997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    114819072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           502176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          7085840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            85312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           678208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker          640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           177920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          1312828                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            124662252                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       502176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        85312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       177920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          765408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3746944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1490908                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data        199452                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2.data       1325456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6762760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      14352384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             14049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            110750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              1333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             10597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              2780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             20527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              14512434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           58546                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           372727                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data            49863                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2.data           331364                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               812500                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47818298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              209139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             2951015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               35530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              282451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               74098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              546749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51917653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         209139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          35530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          74098                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             318767                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1560477                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             620913                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data              83065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2.data             552008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2816463                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1560477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47818298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             209139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            3571928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              35530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             365516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              74098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1098757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54734116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      12597264                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       398689                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          55044                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    806224896                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  25516096                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              102751100                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2642476                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               2349                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                787593                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                787339                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                787599                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                787924                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                787752                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                787476                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                787626                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                787678                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                787361                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                786762                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               786761                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               787020                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               787004                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               786857                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               787043                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               787469                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 24965                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 24827                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 24768                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 25057                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 24837                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 24655                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 24743                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 25297                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 25167                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 24838                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                24777                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                24716                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                24963                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                24891                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                24965                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                25223                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                      780903                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2400118241500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                      15                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                12562016                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   35233                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 381227                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  17462                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    814730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    790825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    796437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   2993221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2257059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2257380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2245823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     49187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     49109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     91199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                   133310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    91200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     6958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     6947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     6939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     6938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      2986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      2995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     17344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    17336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    17331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    17327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    17323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    17319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    17312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    17309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    17306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    17303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    17299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    17293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    17291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    17289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    14405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    14392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    14382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    14357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    14355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    14353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    14351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    14349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    14347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                   276742406750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              352442416750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  62986320000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 12713690000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       21968.45                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1009.24                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  27977.70                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         335.77                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          10.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  42.79                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   1.10                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.15                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.39                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                   12542718                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    392355                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  98.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       184681.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.l2c.replacements                         63270                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     50360.149873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1749953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        128663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         13.601059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                  2374435295000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        36831.103707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker       0.000018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.000124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          5142.534834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          3774.448687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker       0.993318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst           800.238422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data           747.714108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker       9.797174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          1464.546789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.data          1588.772692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.561998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.078469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.057594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.012211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.011409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker      0.000149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            0.022347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.data            0.024243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.768435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         9031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             461816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             169436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         2567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             133590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              65938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        18164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         4274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             284408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             137993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1291705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          597677                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               597677                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            60640                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            19583                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            33391                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               113614                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          9031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          3354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              461816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              230076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          2567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              133590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               85521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         18164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker          4274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              284408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              171384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1405319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         9031                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             461816                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             230076                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         2567                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1134                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             133590                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              85521                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        18164                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         4274                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             284408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             171384                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1405319                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             1333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             1201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             2780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             2564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                21691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1419                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           511                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           974                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2904                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         105149                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           9669                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          18547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133365                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            111515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              1333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             10870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              2780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             21111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                155056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7433                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           111515                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             1333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            10870                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             2780                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            21111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               155056                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     75831000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     69197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       884500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    173677500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    153775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      473434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       137000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        92000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       229000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    434064000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    982245000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1416309000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     75831000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    503261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       884500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    173677500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1136020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      1889743000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     75831000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    503261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       884500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    173677500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1136020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     1889743000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         9032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         469249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         175802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         134923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          67139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         287188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         140557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1313396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       597677                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           597677                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1432                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          515                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          989                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2936                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       165789                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29252                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        51938                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           246979                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         9032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          469249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          341591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          134923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           96391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          287188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          192495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1560375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         9032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         469249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         341591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         134923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          96391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         287188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         192495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1560375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.036211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.009880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.017888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.009680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.018242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990922                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.992233                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.984833                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.989101                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.634234                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.330542                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.357099                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.539985                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.326458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.009880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.112770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.009680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.109670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.099371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.326458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.009880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.112770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.009680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.109670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.099371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 56887.471868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57616.153206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        88450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 62473.920863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 59974.648986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21826.287400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   268.101761                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data    94.455852                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    78.856749                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44892.336333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52959.777862                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10619.795299                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 56887.471868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46298.160074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        88450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 62473.920863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53811.756904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12187.487101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 56887.471868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46298.160074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        88450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 62473.920863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53811.756904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12187.487101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               58546                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    58546                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            7881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          511                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          974                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1485                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9669                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18547                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         28216                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        21103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            36097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        21103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           36097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     59114583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     54201951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       759510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    139044199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    121569649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    374746143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5152487                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      9740974                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14893461                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    313671410                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    751003559                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1064674969                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     59114583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    367873361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       759510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    139044199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    872573208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1439421112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     59114583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    367873361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       759510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    139044199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    872573208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1439421112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25246007500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  26571413012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  51817420512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    647804863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   9786959359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10434764222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25893812363                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  36358372371                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  62252184734                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.992233                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.984833                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505790                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.330542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.357099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.112770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.109629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.023134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.112770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.109629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 44347.024006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45130.683597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        75951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50015.898921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 47562.460485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47550.582794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10083.144814                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10029.266667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32440.935981                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40491.915620                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37733.022718                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 44347.024006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33842.995492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        75951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50015.898921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41348.301568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39876.474832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 44347.024006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33842.995492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        75951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50015.898921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41348.301568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39876.474832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8076292                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6232                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    6627548                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     2039                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         279                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                695                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    5689                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   126                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      212                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 8082524                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                6629587                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14703840                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           8271                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14712111                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    32739442                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3479                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         279                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                695                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2588                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                32742921                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         32739442                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3479                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     32742921                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       113988971                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   32238592                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42426848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             37569901                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1188707                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4243711                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    37569901                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          191405612                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          39677066                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3646                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1492                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     15367259                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    8443691                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6923568                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              13415307720.919615                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              -13301318749.919615                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction             -116.689524                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                  117.689524                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   82893                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                892272                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               511.604135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                44302234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                892784                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 49.622567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle            8108819000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   477.646185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    17.780881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    16.177069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.932903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.034728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.031596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     32272136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      8284220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      3745878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       44302234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     32272136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      8284220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      3745878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        44302234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     32272136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      8284220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      3745878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       44302234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       469978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       135194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       311533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       916705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       469978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       135194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       311533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        916705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       469978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       135194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       311533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       916705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1823611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4151773488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5975384488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1823611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4151773488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5975384488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1823611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4151773488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5975384488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     32742114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      8419414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      4057411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     45218939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     32742114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      8419414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      4057411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     45218939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     32742114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      8419414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      4057411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     45218939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13488.845659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13326.913964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6518.328675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13488.845659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13326.913964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6518.328675                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13488.845659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13326.913964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6518.328675                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2346                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              187                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.545455                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        23911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        23911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        23911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       135194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       287622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       422816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       135194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       287622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       422816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       135194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       287622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       422816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1553223000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3386037488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4939260488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1553223000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3386037488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4939260488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1553223000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3386037488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4939260488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11488.845659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11772.526052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11681.820196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11488.845659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11772.526052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11681.820196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11488.845659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11772.526052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11681.820196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                629965                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               511.997116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                23216121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                630477                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                 36.823105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              21763000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   495.769504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     9.745655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     6.481956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.968300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.019034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.012660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6957822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1890811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4457613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13306246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5949587                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1349737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2121933                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       9421257                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       131174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        34256                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        72800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       238230                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       137548                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        35976                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        73869                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     12907409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3240548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6579546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        22727503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     12907409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3240548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6579546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       22727503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       169428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        65419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       282959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       517806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       167221                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        29767                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       598117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       795105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6374                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         3877                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11971                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       336649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        95186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       881076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1312911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       336649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        95186                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       881076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1312911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    911962500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4076352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4988314500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    730880500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18449241407                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  19180121907                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     22516000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     52369500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     74885500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        39000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        39000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1642843000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  22525593407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24168436407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1642843000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  22525593407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24168436407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7127250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1956230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4740572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13824052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6116808                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1379504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2720050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10216362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       137548                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        35976                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        76677                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       250201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       137548                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        35976                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        73872                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247396                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13244058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      3335734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7460622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24040414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13244058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      3335734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      7460622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24040414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.059689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027338                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.219892                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077827                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046340                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.047810                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.050563                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.047846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000041                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.118097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.118097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13940.330791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14406.157783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9633.558707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24553.381261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30845.539262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24122.753482                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13090.697674                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13507.737942                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6255.575975                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17259.292333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25566.004984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18408.282364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17259.292333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25566.004984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18408.282364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         9007                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1035                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             47                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.173321                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    22.021277                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       597677                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           597677                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       145837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       145837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       545226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       545226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          406                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          406                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       691063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       691063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       691063                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       691063                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        65419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       137122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       202541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        29767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        52891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        82658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         3471                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         5191                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        95186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       190013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       285199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        95186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       190013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       285199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    781124500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1779796500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2560921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    671346500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1430416990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2101763490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19076000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     40648000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59724000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        33000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1452471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3210213490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4662684490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1452471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3210213490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4662684490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  27580693500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  29009829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  56590522500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1281089000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  14115638625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15396727625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28861782500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  43125467625                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  71987250125                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.028925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021578                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019445                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008091                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.047810                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.045268                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020747                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.025469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.025469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11940.330791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12979.656802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12643.963444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22553.381261                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 27044.619879                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25427.224104                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11090.697674                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11710.746183                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11505.297631                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15259.292333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16894.704520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16348.880922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15259.292333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16894.704520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16348.880922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2171794                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2101                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1466259                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      389                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         277                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                240                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     12                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1716                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                    36                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                       80                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 2173895                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                1466648                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          3638053                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           2490                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      3640543                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     8419414                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      1129                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         277                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                240                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     12                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                     827                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 8420543                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          8419414                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           1129                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      8420543                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       574251142                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    8213191                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10466435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              9372254                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  2062                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     317964                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1146067                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     9372254                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         2062                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           54024867                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          10146423                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                1613                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                450                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      3811897                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2267853                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1544044                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              537580210.089888                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              36670931.910112                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.063859                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.936141                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                4709991                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          3829375                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           221875                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             3139297                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                2527298                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            80.505221                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 410694                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             21534                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    10865348                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     22611                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3267482                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     5780                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                         276                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                504                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     21                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                    2308                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                      877                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                   154                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                      449                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                10887959                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                3273262                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         14132830                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                          28391                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     14161221                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                     4058794                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                      4496                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                         276                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                504                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     21                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                    1567                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                     1061                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                 4063290                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                          4058794                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                           4496                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                      4063290                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        88265633                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9438008                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      32342862                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    4709991                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           2937992                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      6815885                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                1813158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     52200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              19319240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles              990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        33528                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        57014                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          272                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  4057414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               309972                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   1938                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          36961797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.050032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.436638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                30150982     81.57%     81.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  382433      1.03%     82.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  508858      1.38%     83.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  812110      2.20%     86.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  648973      1.76%     87.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  344473      0.93%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1008779      2.73%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  237853      0.64%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 2867336      7.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            36961797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.053362                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.366426                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                10050266                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             19257143                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  6169060                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               292369                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1191852                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              610072                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                53860                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              36648451                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts               182697                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1191852                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                10623039                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                6559507                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles      11162234                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  5869128                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              1554979                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              34406679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2425                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                416595                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents               876326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents             106                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           36902595                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            157291448                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       157264010                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups            27438                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             25708511                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                11194083                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            230845                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        207258                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3329183                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6509687                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3839458                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           526321                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          767723                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  31666176                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             511259                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 34215654                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            53951                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7402351                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19875920                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        155450                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     36961797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.925703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.580463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24411546     66.05%     66.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3907285     10.57%     76.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2341872      6.34%     82.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1974558      5.34%     88.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2782177      7.53%     95.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             896473      2.43%     98.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             480042      1.30%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             133126      0.36%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34718      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       36961797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  16658      1.09%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      1.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1407260     91.71%     92.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               110601      7.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            61295      0.18%      0.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             19329502     56.49%     56.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               25951      0.08%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  9      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              8      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           376      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            8      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     56.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            11364260     33.21%     89.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3434245     10.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              34215654                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.387644                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1534519                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.044848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         107003021                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         39584963                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     27346219                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               6827                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              3771                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3100                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              35685269                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   3609                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          207108                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1576105                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1884                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9268                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       580803                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      5370889                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       352686                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1191852                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                4868557                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                91379                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           32255245                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            59750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6509687                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3839458                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            369212                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 31393                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2360                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          9268                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        105822                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        88057                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              193879                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             33230591                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             11076582                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           985063                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        77810                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    14478078                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 3688656                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3401496                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.376484                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      32812407                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     27349319                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 15625261                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 28412503                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.309852                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.549943                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7344146                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         355809                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           168786                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     35769820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.688862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.716544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27147085     75.89%     75.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4176329     11.68%     87.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1256730      3.51%     91.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       649005      1.81%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       570906      1.60%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       316592      0.89%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       399111      1.12%     96.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       290067      0.81%     97.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       963995      2.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     35769820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            19931262                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              24640483                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8192237                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      4933582                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      94126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   3155533                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                      3055                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 21875712                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              294009                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               963995                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    66266303                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   65202475                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         360564                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                       51303836                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  3567277023                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   19879493                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     24588714                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total             19879493                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              4.440034                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        4.440034                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.225223                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.225223                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               153509449                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               29174173                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    22340                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   20840                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                9001304                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                240409                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 979501914046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 979501914046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 979501914046                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 979501914046                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
