
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.899762                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1899762444000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1899762444000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 165662                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   165662                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5547317951                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 338604                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   342.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56733550                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56733550                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           853120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24660608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2651648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           123456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           536896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28825728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       853120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       123456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          976576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7795456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7795456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             13330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            385322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              1929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              8389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                450402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          121804                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               121804                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              449067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12980890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1395779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               64985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              282612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15173333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         449067                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          64985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             514052                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4103385                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4103385                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4103385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             449067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12980890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1395779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              64985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             282612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               19276718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        450402                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       121804                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         579957                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     28825728                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7795456                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               28825728                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7795456                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       61                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               5038                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 28521                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 28327                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 28189                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 28015                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 28417                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 28335                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 28297                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 28180                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 28276                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 28045                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                28104                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                27882                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                27807                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                28046                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                27946                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                27954                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  7961                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  7786                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  7706                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  7580                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  7839                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  7697                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  7703                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  7676                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  7799                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  7587                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 7619                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 7293                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 7271                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 7481                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 7325                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 7481                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                        2713                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1899757983000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  450402                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 121804                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    319830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     59573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     33225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      7682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      3169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      2966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      2691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      2685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      2641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      2588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     1514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     1441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     1355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     1343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     1391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                     1640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                     1514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                       13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      4426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      4923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      5296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     5296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     5296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     5296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     5296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     5296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     5296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     2114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                      942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                      870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                      373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                       20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                       20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                       19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                     7756175500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               15561175500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2251705000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  5553295000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       17222.89                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12331.31                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  34554.21                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.17                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           4.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.17                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   4.10                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.95                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     422281                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     93689                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  76.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3320059.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.l2c.replacements                        343507                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     65280.658491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         2577629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        408521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                          6.309661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                    5466319751                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        53803.217874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          5298.496684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          5899.097985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst           206.030699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            73.815249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.820972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.080849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.090013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.003144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.001126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.996104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             850473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             731190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             225422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              71980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1879065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          820673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               820673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             170                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             273                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 443                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           153356                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            26453                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               179809                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              850473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              884546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              225422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               98433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2058874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             850473                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             884546                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             225422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              98433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2058874                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            13332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           273019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             1945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data              885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               289181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2705                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1140                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3845                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          440                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          460                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             900                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         112844                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           7619                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             120463                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             13332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            385863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              1945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              8504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                409644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            13332                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           385863                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             1945                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             8504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               409644                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    919052500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11905171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    147649500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     64290999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    13036163999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1055000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5020958                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      6075958                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1147998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       159000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1306998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7474090498                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    738521500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8212611998                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    919052500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19379261498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    147649500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    802812499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     21248775997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    919052500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19379261498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    147649500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    802812499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    21248775997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         863805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        1004209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         227367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          72865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2168246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       820673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           820673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2875                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1413                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4288                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          485                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          483                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           968                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       266200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        34072                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           300272                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          863805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1270409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          227367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          106937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2468518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         863805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1270409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         227367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         106937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2468518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.271875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.008554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.012146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.133371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.940870                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.806794                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.896688                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.907216                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.952381                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.929752                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.423907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.223615                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.401180                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.303731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.008554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.079523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.165947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.303731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.008554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.079523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.165947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68935.831083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43605.650156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75912.339332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72645.196610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45079.600662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   390.018484                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4404.349123                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1580.223147                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2609.086364                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   345.652174                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1452.220000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66233.831644                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 96931.552697                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68175.389937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68935.831083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50223.165989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75912.339332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 94404.103833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51871.322409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68935.831083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50223.165989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75912.339332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 94404.103833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51871.322409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               80284                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    80284                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        13331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       273019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          289163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2705                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1140                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3845                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          440                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          460                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          900                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       112844                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        120463                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        13331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       385863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           409626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        13331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       385863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          409626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    752774551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8562507308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    122885880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     53311432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9491479171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27258667                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     11426097                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38684764                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4415934                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4604459                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9020393                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6098954840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    645340483                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6744295323                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    752774551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14661462148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    122885880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    698651915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16235774494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    752774551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14661462148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    122885880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    698651915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16235774494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1363373000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     28764500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1392137500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2009193000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    611400000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2620593000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3372566000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    640164500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4012730500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.271875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.012132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.940870                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.806794                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.896688                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.907216                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.929752                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.423907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.223615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.079514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.165940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.079514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 56467.973220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31362.312909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 63704.447900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 60307.049774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32823.975305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10077.141220                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10022.892105                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10061.056957                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10036.213636                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10009.693478                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10022.658889                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54047.666159                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84701.467778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55986.446652                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 56467.973220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37996.548381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 63704.447900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82165.343408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39635.605391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 56467.973220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37996.548381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 63704.447900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82165.343408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39635.605391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                     41697                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     0.501565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     41713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              1705456155000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide       0.501565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.occ_percent::tsunami.ide      0.031348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.occ_percent::total            0.031348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41729                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41729                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21380998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21380998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10589255806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10589255806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10610636804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10610636804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10610636804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10610636804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120796.598870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120796.598870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 254843.468570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 254843.468570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 254274.888063                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 254274.888063                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 254274.888063                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 254274.888063                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        281737                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                26988                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.439343                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12176249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12176249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8427244570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8427244570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8439420819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8439420819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8439420819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8439420819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68792.367232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68792.367232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 202812.008327                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202812.008327                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 202243.543315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202243.543315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 202243.543315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202243.543315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               12335027                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         10393813                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           330568                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             7867422                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                5239774                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            66.600902                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 784891                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             32664                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8753494                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     29787                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          536                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  623801                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5745053                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     8131                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         346                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 207769                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    14498547                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     37918                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          882                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  831570                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     986254                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                    27996                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         985                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                1014250                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       101860002                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          24837828                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      63180848                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   12335027                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           6024665                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     11886569                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1686741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              36619319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles               32566                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       195803                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       292498                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          224                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  7637223                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               223881                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          74953254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.842937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.180655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                63066685     84.14%     84.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  761791      1.02%     85.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1555671      2.08%     87.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  698950      0.93%     88.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 2562608      3.42%     91.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  513718      0.69%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  568258      0.76%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  822289      1.10%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4403284      5.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            74953254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.121098                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.620271                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                26053984                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             36115594                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 10809914                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               920077                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1053684                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              507198                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                35097                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              62027396                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               105101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1053684                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                27061357                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               14627985                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      18001405                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 10130422                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              4078399                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              58721682                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 6643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                642092                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1424191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           39329555                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             71492090                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        71110334                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           381756                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             34559979                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4769568                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts           1435328                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        208629                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 11112444                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9161053                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            6009456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1123532                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          742915                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  52110985                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1787265                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 50968553                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            87650                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5843461                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2979197                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       1210641                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     74953254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.680005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.329199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           52302643     69.78%     69.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           10307098     13.75%     83.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4640048      6.19%     89.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3056236      4.08%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2433864      3.25%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1212107      1.62%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             643283      0.86%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             306838      0.41%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              51137      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       74953254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  83602     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                310944     46.54%     59.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               273567     40.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3774      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             35163137     68.99%     69.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               56167      0.11%     69.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     69.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              15648      0.03%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1879      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9108259     17.87%     87.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5813234     11.41%     98.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            806455      1.58%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              50968553                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.500378                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     668113                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013108                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         177097926                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         59488760                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     49954313                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             548196                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            265355                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       258816                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              51345953                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 286939                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          543981                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1095536                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3484                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12649                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       447527                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        18428                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       123543                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1053684                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               10434033                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               794004                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           57098821                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           607587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9161053                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6009456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           1574353                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                581874                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5211                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         12649                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        164505                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       346352                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              510857                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             50581166                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              8806339                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           387386                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                      3200571                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14573024                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8058196                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5766685                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.496575                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      50300704                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     50213129                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 25063994                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 33773959                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.492962                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.742110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6307351                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         576624                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           477479                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     73899570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.685982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.603952                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     54870784     74.25%     74.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7931577     10.73%     84.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4331737      5.86%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2351789      3.18%     94.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1313178      1.78%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       548800      0.74%     96.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       466874      0.63%     97.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       433224      0.59%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1651607      2.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     73899570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            50693798                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              50693798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13627446                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8065517                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     196376                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7658577                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    256550                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 46944411                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              646517                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1651607                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   129054613                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  115056832                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                        1051988                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       26906748                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  3697658339                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   47774945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     47774945                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             47774945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.132080                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.132080                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.469026                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.469026                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                66569976                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               36353057                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   127037                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  128676                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1691103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                806046                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                863258                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               510.308888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                 6729374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                863770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                  7.790701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle           20507557000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   510.308888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.996697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6729374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6729374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6729374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6729374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6729374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6729374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       907848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       907848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       907848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        907848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       907848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       907848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12809117491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12809117491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12809117491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  12809117491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12809117491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  12809117491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      7637222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7637222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      7637222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      7637222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      7637222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      7637222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.118871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.118871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.118871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.118871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.118871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.118871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14109.319502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14109.319502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14109.319502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14109.319502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14109.319502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14109.319502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5737                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    35.633540                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        43927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        43927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        43927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        43927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        43927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        43927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       863921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       863921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       863921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       863921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       863921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       863921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10545414492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10545414492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10545414492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10545414492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10545414492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10545414492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.113120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.113120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.113120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12206.456947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12206.456947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12206.456947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12206.456947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12206.456947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12206.456947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements               1272639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               505.727163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                10328741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs               1273151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                  8.112738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              22123000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   505.727163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.987748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.987748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6350419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6350419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3622179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3622179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       160143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       160143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       184450                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       184450                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      9972598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         9972598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      9972598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        9972598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1584754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1584754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1737731                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1737731                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        20393                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        20393                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         2991                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2991                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3322485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3322485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3322485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3322485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34254700500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34254700500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  66543857651                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  66543857651                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    293744000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    293744000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21938000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     21938000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100798558151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 100798558151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100798558151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 100798558151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7935173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7935173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5359910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5359910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       180536                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       180536                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       187441                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       187441                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13295083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13295083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13295083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13295083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.199713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.199713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.324209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.324209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.112958                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.112958                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015957                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.015957                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.249903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.249903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.249903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.249903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21615.153204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21615.153204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38293.531997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38293.531997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14404.158290                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14404.158290                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7334.670679                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7334.670679                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30338.303454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30338.303454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30338.303454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30338.303454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2157066                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2274                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            48232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    44.722715                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   324.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       748565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           748565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       585493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       585493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1465453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1465453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         4489                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         4489                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2050946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2050946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2050946                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2050946                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       999261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       999261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       272278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       272278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        15904                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        15904                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2991                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2991                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1271539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1271539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1271539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1271539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21490960000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21490960000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9698199220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9698199220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    183494500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183494500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15956000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15956000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31189159220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31189159220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31189159220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31189159220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1454907000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1454907000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2130479499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2130479499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3585386499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3585386499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.125928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050799                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050799                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088093                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088093                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015957                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015957                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21506.853565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21506.853565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35618.739744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35618.739744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11537.632042                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11537.632042                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5334.670679                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5334.670679                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24528.668975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24528.668975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24528.668975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24528.668975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                2650086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          2188228                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect            78181                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             1530727                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                 883629                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            57.726100                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 184091                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8336                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1963408                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     10761                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           27                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  325022                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1266270                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     2185                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          66                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 133146                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     3229678                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     12946                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           93                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  458168                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     437746                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     6892                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                         236                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 444638                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        16144974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6121442                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      12493756                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    2650086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           1067720                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                      2240899                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                 409596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles               6344466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles               26232                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        65860                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        57508                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  1513677                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                52961                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          15118787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.826373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.200485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                12877888     85.18%     85.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  143885      0.95%     86.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  241695      1.60%     87.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                  180531      1.19%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                  309762      2.05%     90.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  120449      0.80%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                  135595      0.90%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  201831      1.33%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                  907151      6.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            15118787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.164143                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.773848                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                 6052870                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles              6602402                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  2094481                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               114057                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                254976                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved              116126                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                 7500                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              12249807                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                22555                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                254976                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                 6262682                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                 497209                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles       5456490                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  1996397                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles               651031                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              11355545                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                   50                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 56660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents               160008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands            7474719                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups             13559101                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups        13415671                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups           143430                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps              6386740                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                 1087979                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            456269                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts         43986                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  2005882                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             2076975                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            1341554                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads           190968                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores          103806                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                   9970569                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             502731                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                  9700952                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            30075                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        1449475                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       723922                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        361264                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     15118787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.641649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.316312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10852712     71.78%     71.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1956314     12.94%     84.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             839077      5.55%     90.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             560111      3.70%     93.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             472963      3.13%     97.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             218451      1.44%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             140254      0.93%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              70720      0.47%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               8185      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       15118787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   3675      1.85%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      1.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                107078     53.97%     55.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                87636     44.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3526      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6050828     62.37%     62.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               16408      0.17%     62.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     62.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10849      0.11%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1763      0.02%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2054303     21.18%     83.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1289929     13.30%     97.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            273346      2.82%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total               9700952                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.600865                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     198389                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.020450                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          34541883                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11823308                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9430294                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             207272                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            101213                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        98067                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses               9787736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 108079                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           94689                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       288018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          887                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1813                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       126704                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          386                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        10289                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                254976                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                 327284                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                41516                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10988492                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           148711                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2076975                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1341554                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            455253                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 34417                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1886                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          1813                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         35814                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       100493                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              136307                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts              9610649                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1981550                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            90303                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       515192                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                     3256018                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 1435370                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   1274468                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.595272                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                       9557675                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                      9528361                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                  4461159                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                  6259469                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.590175                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.712706                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts        1504147                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         141467                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           128937                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     14863811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.633307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.576989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     11340708     76.30%     76.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1645490     11.07%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       614395      4.13%     91.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       372484      2.51%     94.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       264045      1.78%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       106401      0.72%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       110365      0.74%     97.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       108140      0.73%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       301783      2.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     14863811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts             9413351                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps               9413351                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                       3003807                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      1788957                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                      45075                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   1347256                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                     96765                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                  8723626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              150668                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events               301783                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                    25388124                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   22088528                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         132804                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                        1026187                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  3782762516                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    8958605                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                      8958605                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total              8958605                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              1.802175                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        1.802175                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.554885                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.554885                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                12390777                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                6781957                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    53541                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   53239                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                 527070                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                221606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                226821                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               470.843395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                 1277714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                227333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                  5.620451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle          1874198606000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   470.843395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.919616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.919616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      1277714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1277714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      1277714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         1277714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      1277714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        1277714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       235963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       235963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       235963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        235963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       235963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       235963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3262757999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3262757999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3262757999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3262757999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3262757999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3262757999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      1513677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1513677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      1513677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      1513677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      1513677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      1513677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.155887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.155887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.155887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.155887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.155887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13827.413616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13827.413616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13827.413616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13827.413616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13827.413616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13827.413616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          255                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               17                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           15                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         8568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         8568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst         8568                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8568                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       227395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       227395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       227395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       227395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       227395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       227395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2711257499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2711257499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2711257499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2711257499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2711257499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2711257499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.150227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.150227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.150227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11923.118358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11923.118358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11923.118358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11923.118358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11923.118358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11923.118358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                108831                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               491.507176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                 2642897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                109233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 24.195042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           39074075000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   491.507176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.959975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.959975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1619180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1619180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       952866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        952866                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        33989                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        33989                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        32614                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        32614                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      2572046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         2572046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      2572046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        2572046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       209251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       209251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       220110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       220110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         5396                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5396                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         3146                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3146                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       429361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        429361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       429361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       429361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3173212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3173212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7555840185                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7555840185                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     56288500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     56288500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     22631500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     22631500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10729052185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10729052185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10729052185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10729052185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1828431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1828431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1172976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1172976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        39385                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        39385                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        35760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        35760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      3001407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3001407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      3001407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3001407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.114443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.114443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.187651                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.187651                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.137006                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.137006                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.087975                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.087975                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.143053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.143053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.143053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.143053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15164.620480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15164.620480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34327.564331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34327.564331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10431.523351                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10431.523351                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7193.738080                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7193.738080                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24988.418103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24988.418103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24988.418103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24988.418103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       240297                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3869                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    62.108297                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        72108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            72108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       129790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       129790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       180827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       180827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          598                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          598                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       310617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       310617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       310617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       310617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        79461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        39283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        39283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4798                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         4798                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3146                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         3146                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       118744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       118744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       118744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       118744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    970446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    970446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1118523985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1118523985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     38903500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38903500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     16339500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16339500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2088969985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2088969985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2088969985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2088969985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     30978500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     30978500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    647630000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    647630000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    678608500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    678608500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.121823                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121823                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.087975                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087975                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.039563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.039563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12212.859138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12212.859138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28473.486877                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28473.486877                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8108.274281                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8108.274281                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5193.738080                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5193.738080                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17592.215059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17592.215059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17592.215059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17592.215059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6548                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    181674                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   64152     40.43%     40.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    136      0.09%     40.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1926      1.21%     41.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    194      0.12%     41.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  92254     58.14%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              158662                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    63162     49.20%     49.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     136      0.11%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1926      1.50%     50.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     194      0.15%     50.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   62971     49.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               128389                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1864385169000     98.14%     98.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               63278000      0.00%     98.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              567602000      0.03%     98.17% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               94599000      0.00%     98.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            34650950500      1.82%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1899761598500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.984568                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.682583                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.809198                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         7      3.47%      3.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        16      7.92%     11.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.98%     13.37% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        29     14.36%     27.72% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.50%     28.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        9      4.46%     32.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        7      3.47%     36.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        4      1.98%     38.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.50%     38.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.49%     40.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        7      3.47%     43.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.99%     44.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       34     16.83%     61.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.49%     62.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                        8      3.96%     66.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        9      4.46%     71.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.50%     71.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        5      2.48%     74.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       25     12.38%     86.63% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.49%     88.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        6      2.97%     91.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.50%     91.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        2      0.99%     92.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        7      3.47%     96.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.99%     97.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.99%     98.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.50%     98.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.50%     99.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.99%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   202                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  297      0.18%      0.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3469      2.08%      2.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      48      0.03%      2.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               151918     91.03%     93.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6167      3.70%     97.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     97.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     97.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     8      0.00%     97.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     97.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4490      2.69%     99.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 333      0.20%     99.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     137      0.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                166884                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6992                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1258                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1257                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1258                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.179777                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.304848                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1897853280000     99.90%     99.90% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          1908310500      0.10%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3470                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2463                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     58134                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   18218     36.94%     36.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1925      3.90%     40.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    297      0.60%     41.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  28877     58.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               49317                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    17831     47.44%     47.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1925      5.12%     52.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     297      0.79%     53.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   17534     46.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                37587                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1874537930000     98.69%     98.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              532213500      0.03%     98.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              134642000      0.01%     98.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            24250176000      1.28%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1899454961500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.978757                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.607196                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.762151                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.81%      0.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        14     11.29%     12.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                        13     10.48%     22.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.81%     23.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        6      4.84%     28.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        3      2.42%     30.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::20                        2      1.61%     32.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      2.42%     34.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      2.42%     37.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        4      3.23%     40.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       20     16.13%     56.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      2.42%     58.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        2      1.61%     60.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.81%     61.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        2      1.61%     62.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       29     23.39%     86.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       10      8.06%     94.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::90                        1      0.81%     95.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::92                        2      1.61%     96.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      2.42%     99.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.81%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   124                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  194      0.38%      0.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1140      2.22%      2.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       6      0.01%      2.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                43997     85.81%     88.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2594      5.06%     93.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.01%     93.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     93.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3097      6.04%     99.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 184      0.36%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      43      0.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 51275                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1424                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                488                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2438                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                709                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  488                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  221                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.497893                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.090648                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.325977                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        4822300000      0.25%      0.25% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user           832322500      0.04%      0.30% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1893789827000     99.70%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    1141                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
